Thanks for watching!
I don't like the way my stream is running here.
I'm gonna see what's going on with this and this.
Just gonna save it and close this one and then I'll start it up again.
It's all an introduction ladies and gentlemen.
I'm sorry but I feel some obligation.
Maybe I didn't save this one and that's the reason why it's not working quite as smoothly as I hoped.
Here I come.
Look.
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
Here we are in the hamster wheel again, everybody.
Running in the hamster wheel.
I'm very excited, though, because I think if we stay focused on the biology, we don't take the bait on social media, and we love our neighbors, that we might be able to break through.
The consciousness that they are competing for is our own.
They are definitely trying to occupy our attention.
and I think they're doing a very good job of it.
They are occupying the attention of our congressmen, our senators, people on school boards.
They're occupying our attention because they have for more than a generation.
And this occupying of our attention has expanded to the mental realms of social media.
And so to start with clarity, intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
transfection in healthy humans was always criminally negligent and RNA cannot pandemic because viruses are not pattern integrities.
We're going to talk about why this is true and we're going to talk about why the mystery virus on television does not explain the excess death signal that everybody is up in arms about for the last five years, but it is a
weird combination of confusion, fear, uncertainty, doubt, and murder, which is belied by the lack of epidemiological evidence of spread, and in fact also belied by the fact that we don't have any real legal assistance getting out of this.
Ladies and gentlemen, we need a new consensus about the vaccine schedule in America, about what transfection means and what a lot of people should have known, and what RNA can and can't do.
We need this new consensus now before our children grow up in a world where mythologies conceal these truths.
They created an illusion of consensus about this novel virus and made us stick to this limited spectrum of debate.
This is a new kind of totalitarianism that we are being subjected to.
It is centered around social media and the skilled use of it.
If we keep using social media skillfully, these acolytes of the elite
will continue to distract us and we will continue to be ruled by their mythologies.
That's really what I think is happening now.
I think weaponized piles of money have used their acolytes, positioned their acolytes on social media, and then used those people to convince us what to argue about and to argue with them.
And by arguing with them, we didn't realize that we were accepting the very narrative that Tony Fauci wanted us to accept.
And in fact, we have been governed in this way, governed by lies and coordinated liars for quite a while, and not just about the biosecurity narrative of a pandemic.
That's the real trick here.
And I think if everybody starts to realize that
there was always one aspect of American history that you knew was not quite told right in the history books, one aspect of American history that isn't quite explained by the mainstream narrative, then you realize how likely it is that, in fact, the pandemic was a narrative, was planted, was coordinated, and the people that rule us have agreed to go along with it because it's how our world is governed.
If you want to see the work that I've been doing for the last year or so, you can go to stream.gigaohm.bio or gigaohmbiological.com.
It is the 17th of October, 2024, and I am coming to you live from my garage in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Come to you with some optimism.
I think I have some work to do.
I think you know, what's one more stream?
I'm gonna keep trying and it seems like after the discussion Those of you who are not aware.
I was able to present or invited to present to Sukrit Bhakti with the UK group medical doctors for kovat ethics international chaired by Stephen Frost and Charles Kovacs you can find Charles Kovacs his channel on rumble and
And there are the archived presentations that I've given to that group before.
And yesterday, or the day before rather, I was invited to give a short presentation to Sukrit Bhakti that was supposed to be a seed for a discussion.
Usually those discussions after my presentations are with 80 plus people in the audience.
In this particular case, the idea was for me to present quickly to Sukrit and then have Sukrit kind of answer some of the, or respond to some of the points that I made.
And long story short, for me, I was pretty disappointed that the discussion, the back and forth between Sukrit and I was almost nothing.
And in fact, the discussion really went nowhere where I hoped that it would.
This was also a situation complicated by the fact that my spontaneous oration on the background of my slides was slightly altered in real time by the unexpected presence of Senator Ron Johnson, Nick Hudson, Veer Sharav,
David Rasnick it was just a really I didn't expect all these people to come out and certainly not senator Ron Johnson And he was there on time from the beginning on camera And so I had originally planned and you might notice this from the beginning I'd originally planned to address Sukhrat as Sukhrat and and plead to him as an American
that we needed help from people like him that Americans looked up to as international outspoken dissidents.
And I needed him to help me get the message out about what's going on in America.
And this was a rather awkward message to give in the presence of Senator Ron Johnson from my home state of Wisconsin.
And so, nonetheless, I just went forward with this plan because I had
this idea of pleading for help as an American to a German is something that was given to me as an idea before the start of this, you know, very nerve wracking presentation.
And so I felt a lot of peace from this.
And so despite the fact that Senator Ron Johnson was there and it felt awkward to do it, I still went forward with that angle.
And so if you watch that presentation, either on Rumble or on our PeerTube in the Batcave,
Just bear that in mind that that's that was if there is any tension in the way that I'm speaking about America versus the world it's because I was originally gonna go pretty hard in the paint because I was gonna you know be talking to Sukharit personally and then Senator Ron Johnson showed up and so then I felt like I had to Well, I did change some of the things that I said just as I was going and I know that I was changing them or or
altering what I was thinking, because Senator Ron Johnson was there.
So today, I thought I would give it another shot.
And this time, I thought I would do it just for Senator Ron Johnson.
And so in that,
In that sort of theme or whatever you want to say, I have prepared a separate set of slides just for Senator Ron Johnson.
And sometimes we say that in the house when we have to say things over and over again.
And we need full names, but we don't need full names.
It's hard for my wife to keep up with.
all of the nonsense that's going on.
And so I will be down here most of the time for the presentation.
I hope you all won't mind.
And I will try to do the presentation as succinctly as possible.
And then I'm just going to leave it at that so that I can edit it very sharply from here.
So first of all, thank you very much for, you know, all of you people who have made this possible.
You were on the screen previously.
We are in especially
I don't know how to say it.
Like, I don't like this part of this, but I have to say it.
My family needs your help.
And if you're already subscribing, that's all I can ever ask you to do.
If you've already donated or sent $20 in the mail, that's all I can ask you to do because it's more than I've done for most people.
But if you have done all that you can do financially, please think about how you might be able to help share more than you are.
And especially the recent presentation to Sucuret, the recent presentation that I gave to those doctors a couple, like two weeks before that.
And just, you know, my website in general to try and get people to understand and see
how much we are trying to push this ball forward.
I know I'm not the best spokesperson all the time.
I know that I'm angry a lot.
I know that I say a lot of people's names all the time.
And so I don't want Senator Ron Johnson to feel that kind of negative energy either.
And so this presentation, I'm gonna try very hard
to try to be as positive about it as I can, as clear as I can.
But I'm also going to give an introduction here that I've never given for anybody else.
And it is specifically for Senator Ron Johnson, or specifically made for Senator Ron Johnson, because he is a senator from Wisconsin, where I grew up.
And so I think I'll cut it here and I will, I'll be back in like five minutes.
And when I come back on, there won't be any introduction.
It'll just be the start of the presentation for Senator Ron Johnson.
I will probably start at about, I will probably start in like three minutes.
Okay.
I'll be right back.